Welcome Dragon King
See Dragon King
I'm just going home
Not dead
Why is the exam so serious?
stand up
Brothers get up
Thank the Dragon Emperor Thank the Dragon Emperor
Stop saying that to me
I am no longer your Dragon Emperor
One day is the Dragon Emperor
Lifetime Dragon Emperor
I was kicked out of the Xiao family 6 years ago
Accidentally had a relationship with a woman
Now I'm retired
Back to Celebration
It's time to give you the impossible past
I know I can't keep the Dragon Emperor
So I bought the Wancheng International Trade Center early
Hand over to Qing's down payment Tang Ace
You go back now
He will give you the security code number.
Thanks salute
Send the Dragon Emperor
Congratulations to the Emperor of Song
The black dragon has eaten
Black Dragon obediently
But Xiaoxiao is hungry
Can you give Xiao Xiao a steamed bun?